I did some investigation into the
derivation of the American public
education system and found out that it
was based on the Prussian model and the
prussians produced a universal education
system in the late 1800s because they
were afraid they were losing military
superiority and they wanted to produce a
Cadre of mindless obedient soldiers that
was expressly the purpose and then that
model was adopted by prototypical
fascists in the U.S again in the late
1800s is before Mussolini and all of
that time corporate types mostly who
wanted to produce cadres of obedient
workers and that's why the desks are in
rows and that's why there's Factory
bells and that's why it's top down
leadership what was really stunning
about that wasn't only that that was the
model but it's it's worse than that
because the people who built the schools
were consciously aiming at eradicating
the will of the students who were part
of the system because they wanted them
to be obedient